c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\nerve.core.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\nerve.core.pdb
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\obj\Debug\nerve.core.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\obj\Debug\nerve.core.pdb
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\WinSCP.exe
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\nerve.core.dll.config
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\Apache.NMS.ActiveMQ.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\Apache.NMS.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\JWT.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\log4stash.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\WinSCPnet.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\Apache.NMS.pdb
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\Apache.NMS.xml
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\Apache.NMS.ActiveMQ.pdb
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\Apache.NMS.ActiveMQ.xml
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\log4stash.pdb
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\Users\adeolaojo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\nerve\nerve.core\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
